Update Choosing a build backend section (#1326)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/tutorials/packaging-projects.rst

:file:`tests/` is a placeholder for test files. Leave it empty for now.

Choosing a build backend
-----------------------

Tools like :ref:`pip` and :ref:`build` do not actually convert your sources

> into a :term:`distribution package <Distribution Package>`; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a :term:`distribution package <Distribution Package> (like a wheel)`; 
```
nit: the glossary entry is a little heavy, useful to avoid forcing user to click

Author: ```suggestion
into a :term:`distribution package <Distribution Package>` (like a wheel); 
```

I think the comment needs to go outside the quote. Adding my own suggestion so I can merge it in the web UI

that job is performed by a _build backend_. The build backend determines how
your project will specify its configuration, including metadata (information
about the project, for example, the name and tags that are displayed on PyPI)

> and input files. Build backends have different levels of functionality, and
> you should choose one that suits your needs, but also meets your preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and input files. Build backends have different levels of functionality (in particular,
when it comes to building :term:`extension modules <Extension Module`), and
you should choose one that suits your needs, but also meets your preferences.
```

Author: ```suggestion
and input files. Build backends have different levels of functionality, such as
whether they support building :term:`extension modules <Extension Module>`, and
you should choose one that suits your needs and preferences.
```

Agree, just rewording slightly and fixing the syntax.

:file:`tests/` is a placeholder for test files. Leave it empty for now.

Choosing a build backend

> -----------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
------------------------
```

Tools like :ref:`pip` and :ref:`build` do not actually convert your sources
into a :term:`distribution package <Distribution Package>` (like a wheel); 

> that job is performed by a _build backend_. The build backend determines how

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that job is performed by a *build backend*. The build backend determines how
```

Underlines for emphasis are only in markdown. You have to use stars in rst. This is being interpreted as a reference. https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/user/rst/quickref.html

>    management, as well as building, uploading, and installing packages. This

Reviewer: (not part of this PR, but this paragraph would be aided by examples)

   tutorial uses single-purpose tools that work independently.

> The :file:`pyproject.toml` tells "front end" build tools like :ref:`pip` and

Reviewer: (not necessarily part of this PR, but frontend and backend get used enough that we should have glossary entries that we link to from here)

Author: Agree, and already filed at #1327

        build-backend = "pdm.backend"

The ``requires`` key is a list of packages that are needed to build your package.

> The front end should install them automatically when building your package.

Reviewer: Build isolation was an important part of the discuss thread, this could be a good place to mention this.
```suggestion
The frontend should install them automatically when building your package.
Note many frontends will default to building out of a clean environment, so
undeclared build dependencies will cause build time errors.
```

Author: Actually, it's technically a requirement, so should probably word it more strongly. And agree, this is the place to mention it (briefly).

```suggestion
The front end should install them automatically when building your package.
Front ends usually run builds in isolated environments, so omitting dependencies
here will cause build-time errors.
```

> There will always be your build backend package, and potentially other build-time

Author: ```suggestion
This should always include your backend's package, and might have other build-time
```

dependencies.

The ``build-backend`` key is the name of the Python object that frontends will use
to perform the build.

> Both of these values will be given to you by the documentation for your build

Author: ```suggestion
Both of these values will be provided by the documentation for your build
```
